The previous videos we added up and said it's and Shippen shipping songs.
Where did the shipping sands.
And so we added some shipping methods.
In this video I'm going to show you two other live raids and we're going to be using the USPS service
the United States Postal Service So we're going to have some nice libraries so use it against the leg
from the friend Fromelles is the shipping method.
They want to use in a web site so visual going up and blogging is right here and we're going to install
a new in the New going to make a search for USPS United States Postal Service and we're going to take
these when you can see what's up there.
One week ago.
So we can install these grantees instead.
What I want to activate the Brillion so and here what I've gone up and work Mars and then settings and
what are going up and shipping.
And you can see we have a new job right here.
USPS basic don't like this one.
So now you can see that we have real down rates and we can enable these and you can add the title where
going and live USPS.
So if you want to make this available for all of the countries you can select these or make these are
specific to any country in the postcode.
What are one of the most popular post Alco that we have in United States and Canada then and show rates
whenever the subway level of course you can see here that we have seen up in the United States Postal
Service website and you can create an account right here or you can use that for.
If you try to if you are planning to use these in real web site.
I recommend that you create an account right here and use the idea that they keep right here.
So everything is going to be fine.
All the rest is going to keep the falls at the bottom and I'm going to click on Save changes.
It's important also to change the general rule in general the best location should be United States
because this is a service from the United States and it's going to make the calculations based on the
base location which in this case is California to the city or country where they Usera or visitors Lipp.
So now we have everything ready we're going up in the check out and reload.
So now you can see it there it goes into our United States and you can see that we have a bunch of different
options.
So we had the priority mail made library email media another priority and they use that against the
leg.
They said that they want to hire.
And so if you make the change here for example it's Switzerland right here you can see that we have
the friend Bryce and so if they said something like Romagna Romania and you can see that we have something
like these so definitely this is working.
One final there's lots of Mexico.
And you can see we have something that these.
So this is working.
And this is how you set up live rates in the United States Postal Service Maybe you live in another
country.
For example in Mexico you can check out the service the postal service of your country costs something
like this.
You can integrate something like that in Europe.
So you will have similar functionality in your website.